Fix pickling issue (#6249)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

- Variables which are chunked using dask in larger (but aligned) chunks than the target zarr chunk size
  can now be stored using `to_zarr()` (:pull:`6258`) By `Tobias Kölling <https://github.com/d70-t>`_.

> - Multi file datasets containing CFTime DatetimeIndx ojbects can be read in parallel again (:pull:`6249`),
>   by `Martin Bergemann <https://github.com/antarcticrainforest>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multi-file datasets containing encoded :py:class:`cftime.datetime` objects can be read in parallel again (:issue:`6226`, :pull:`6249`).  By `Martin Bergemann <https://github.com/antarcticrainforest>`_.
```
